fix(curriculum): clarify random property (#54211)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-functional-programming-by-building-a-spreadsheet/646d4a5b32a1cad6165df286.md

# --description--

> Add a `random` property which takes the first two numbers from an array and returns a random whole number that is between the smaller positive number (inclusive) in the array and exclusive of the sum of the first two numbers in the array. Use the `Math.floor()` and `Math.random()` functions to help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `random` property. This property should use the first two numbers from an array to generate a random whole number. The range for this number starts at the smaller positive number (inclusive) among the first two numbers and ends just before the sum of these two numbers. Use the `Math.floor()` and `Math.random()` methods for the calculation.
```
